development: wasm-filter: general cleanup (#1661)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: development/wasm-filter-plugins.md

  wasm                    WASM program filter
```

## Build a Wasm filter for filter plugin

> Currently, Fluent Bit's Wasm filter assumes C ABI, also known as `wasm32-unknown-unknown` on Rust target and `wasm32-wasi` on TinyGo target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Fluent Bit Wasm filter assumes C ABI, also known as `wasm32-unknown-unknown` on Rust target and `wasm32-wasi` on TinyGo target.
```

Just to remove "Currently" and to remove the possessive because it's easy.
